Mrc 5140 Preauthentication with trusted headers (#187)
mrc-ide/packit: api/README.md

## Starting App

Before running the app you need to configure it according to the auth method you wnat to use. The support auth methods are:

- **github**: The default dev configuration enables Github auth, but you will need to set environment variables PACKIT_GITHUB_CLIENT_ID
   and
   PACKIT_GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET with the details of an OAuth app which you can use to log in. You can use the details held in
   the

>    mrc vault at `VAULT:secret/auth/githubclient/id:value` and `VAULT:secret/auth/githubclient/secret:value`. 

Reviewer: I think this should be updated to say

```
You can use the details held in the mrc vault at `secret/packit/githubauth/auth/githubclient`.
```

since the paths listed don't seem to exist.

Reviewer: Or we can encourage people to use some `dev` details in case the ones I just referred to are tied to a non-dev app - seems risky to mix up prod and dev secrets.

Here are some dev details:

`vault read secret/packit/oauth/dev`

^ but maybe this 'oauth' folder is liable to be deleted at some point given we do not support oauth.

Author: yep, good spot, it had been updated in auth.md but not here. We probably don't need this many READMEs about auth!

I made a ticket to consolidate some of this stuff: https://mrc-ide.myjetbrains.com/youtrack/issue/mrc-6452/

"oauth" here refers to authenticating with GitHub using its oauth path. Could have been better named perhaps. I think at one stage we were imagining supporting other OAuth providers so "oauth" and "github" authenticating got a bit conflated.

- **basic**: In basic auth, Packit manages user passwords. This is enabled by setting `auth.method=basic` in `application.properties`.

> - **preauth**: Also known as trusted headers, with this method, packit trusts that user details provided in headers are correct.
>              Must be used with an appropriate auth provider and proxy configuration - this is currently expected be Montagu. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **preauth**: Also known as 'trusted headers', with this method, Packit trusts that user details provided in headers are correct.
             Must be used with an appropriate auth provider and proxy configuration - this is currently expected to be Montagu. 
```
